Adjust documentation for upcoming 3.4 release (#130)
zammad/zammad-documentation: prerequisites/software.rst

Zammad requires Ruby. All required rubygems like ruby on rails are listed in the Gemfile.
The following Ruby version is supported:

* Ruby 2.6.5

> .. csv-table:: Ruby version requirenment for Zammad
>    :header: "Zammad version", "Ruby version required"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. csv-table:: Zammad/Ruby version compatibility
   :header: "Zammad", "Ruby"
```

5. Elasticsearch (optional)
===========================

> For excellent search performance we use Elasticsearch. 
> While package install will insist on installing Elasticsearch, you can break those dependencies if needed.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I fully understand this part. Is the rewording below correct?

```suggestion
Zammad uses Elasticsearch to improve the performance of its search bar.

If you wish, you can safely override the Elasticsearch dependency requirement
in Zammad’s package installer, but be warned that search performance will suffer.
```

Reviewer: > Zammad itself doesn't have a package manager, so technically you'd have to force the package installer of your system (e.g. zypper, yum or apt)...

Yes, this is what I meant, but I see now that the way I wrote it was confusing.

```suggestion
Zammad uses Elasticsearch to
1) make search faster and
2) support advanced features like reports
or searching by email attachment contents.
This becomes increasingly important
as the number of tickets in your system gets larger and larger.

This dependency is optional but strongly recommended;
Zammad will work without it,
but search performance will be degraded, and some features will be disabled.

.. hint:: 📦 **If you install Zammad via package manager...**

   It’s perfectly safe to manually override the Elasticsearch dependency.
   The appropriate command line flag will depend on your platform
   (*e.g.,* ``--force``, ``--ignore-depends``, ``--skip-broken``);
   check your package manager’s manpage to find out.
```

I think that with the second paragraph above, it's safe to remove the "warning" directive immediately that follows this segment.

.. warning:: Please note that if you do not install and use Elasticsearch, the search will be very limited!
   We recommend using Elasticsearch, as it will boost the usuage of Zammad greatly!

> The Elasticsearch support differs on the Elasticsearch and Zammad version you're using:

Reviewer: I think it's safe to remove this line—since we have the table below, the reader doesn't gain anything by having this sentence here.

Reviewer: ![](https://media1.tenor.com/images/80ad87633e83ed66baf78d6608626b26/tenor.gif)

> .. csv-table:: Compatibility to Elasticsearch
>    :header: "Zammad version", "Supported Elasticsearch version"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. csv-table:: Zammad/Elasticsearch version compatibility
   :header: "Zammad", "Elasticsearch"
```

   :widths: 20, 20

>    "3.4+", "5.5 up to 7.6.x"
>    "3.3", "2.4 up to 7.6.x"
>    "3.2", "2.4 up to 7.5.x"
>    "3.1", "2.4 up to 7.4.x"
>    "2.0 - 3.0", "2.4 up to 5.6.x"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   "3.4+", "5.5–7.6"
   "3.3", "2.4–7.6"
   "3.2", "2.4–7.5"
   "3.1", "2.4–7.4"
   "2.0–3.0", "2.4–5.6"
```

I used [endashes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dash#En_dash) here, which is preferred by many style guides for specifying ranges.

Also, I personally that the `.x` is implied and adds visual clutter, but I'm willing to budge on this if you think otherwise.

> As Zammad indexes attachments, you'll need a plugin to do so - the names differ in between Elasticsearch versions:
> 
> * Elasticsearch 5.5 with ``mapper-attachments`` plugin
> * Elasticsearch 5.6 up to 7.x with ``ingest-attachment`` plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Elasticsearch plugin is required to index the contents of email attachments:

* ``mapper-attachments`` for Elasticsearch 5.5
* ``ingest-attachment`` for Elasticsearch 5.6–7
```
